ticdc: update description about time-zone in sink uri (#22506)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-server-config.md

- `cert`: Specifies the path of the certificate file in PEM format for TLS connection (optional).
- `cert-allowed-cn`: Specifies the path of the common name in PEM format for TLS connection (optional).
- `key`: Specifies the path of the private key file in PEM format for TLS connection (optional).

> - `tz`: Time zone used by the TiCDC service. TiCDC uses this time zone when it internally converts time data types such as `TIMESTAMP` or when it replicates data to the downstream. The default is the local time zone in which the process runs. Note that the `time-zone` parameter in `sink-uri` only takes effect for `mysql` and `tidb` sinks, and is used to set the time zone of the downstream connection session. If both the `tz` parameter and the `time-zone` parameter are specified, TiCDC processes internally use the time zone specified by `tz`, while MySQL and TiDB sinks use the time zone specified by `time-zone` when executing downstream operations. Please keep the two consistent.

Author: ```suggestion
- `tz`: Time zone used by the TiCDC service. TiCDC uses this time zone when it internally converts time data types such as `TIMESTAMP` or when it replicates data to the downstream. The default is the local time zone in which the process runs. Note that the `time-zone` parameter in `sink-uri` only takes effect for `mysql` and `tidb` sinks, and is used to set the time zone of the downstream connection session. If both the `tz` parameter and the `time-zone` parameter are specified, TiCDC processes internally use the time zone specified by `tz`, while MySQL and TiDB sinks use the time zone specified by `time-zone` when executing downstream operations. Ensure that both parameters use the same time zone.
```
